== README

Please download the README.docx file for user profile details and instructions

Default admin<br>
Email: root@ncsu.edu	password: root1234<br>

Users details<br>
Role	User email	Password<br>
Admin 	manisha@ncsu.edu manisha<br>
Admin	anayakv@ncsu.edu akshay1234<br>
Admin	krishna@ncsu.edu krishna<br>
Student	ash@ncsu.edu ashley<br>
Instructor	sheber@ncsu.edu stefen<br>
Instructor	stallman@ncsu.edu stallman<br>
Instructor	chi@ncsu.edu minchi<br>
Instructor	edg@ncsu.edu gehringer<br>
Student	kgala@ncsu.edu krunal123<br>
Instructor	rudra@ncsu.edu rudradutta<br>
Instructor	bahler@ncsu.edu bahler<br>
Instructor	mueller@ncsu.edu mueller<br>


Functionalities:<br>
User courses<br>
Course number	Title	Instructors<br>
csc 591-003	ADBI	•  nagiza<br>
csc 517	ood	Gehringer<br>
csc 505	algorithms	•  stefen heber •  stallman<br>
csc 501	Operating Systems	Mueller<br>
csc 522	alda	•  min chi<br>
csc 520	ai	Bahler<br>
573	IP	Rudra dutta<br>

Functionalities:<br>
Section Header	Check the basic functionalities for admins below and see if they all work:<br>
checkbox	1) Can an admin log in? – yes<br>
checkbox	2) Can (s)he edit profile? –yes<br>
checkbox	3) Can (s)he log out?- yes<br>
criterion	Please point out if any of those does not work or is missing from the reviewed system.<br>
Are these functionalities fully and correctly implemented?<br>
Section Header	Admins should have higher authoritiy than ordinary members. Check the functionalities for admin below and see if they all work: <br>
checkbox	1) Can an admin create other admins? – yes<br>
checkbox	2) Can an admin view the list of other admins? –yes<br>
checkbox	3) Can an admin view the details (except password) of another admin? – yes<br>
checkbox	4) Can an admin delete admins other than himself and the preconfigured admin? Yes<br>
criterion	Please point out if any of those does not work or is missing from the reviewed system.<br>
Are these functionalities fully and correctly implemented?<br>
Section Header	Admin should be able to view and edit the profiles of courses. Check the functionalities for admin below and see if they all work: <br>
checkbox	1) Can an admin add courses? –yes<br>
checkbox	2) Can an admin view the list of all the courses? –yes<br>
checkbox	3) Can an admin view the details (course number, title, description, instructor, start date, end date, status) of a course?  Yes<br>
checkbox	4) Can an admin edit the details of a course? Yes<br>
checkbox	5) Can an admin delete a course? Yes<br>
criterion	Please point out if any of those does not work or is missing from the reviewed system. <br>
Are these functionalities fully and correctly implemented?<br>
Section Header	Admin should be able to add/remove students or instructor, add material or post grades on behalf of an instructor. Check the functionalities for admin below and see if they all work:<br> 
checkbox	1) Can an admin add/remove students?  Yes<br>
checkbox	2) Can an admin add/remove an instructor? Can there be many instructors? Is there warning if a course has no instructor? <br>
Yes while creating a new course a warning is generated that no instructor is currently assigned to it.. The admin can add an instructor to the course from his home page by clicking on the Show User Course History => Add New User course => then select the user and course and check is_teaching<br>
checkbox	3) Can an admin add material or grades to a course? Yes<br>
checkbox	4) Can an admin view the list of other users and their profile? Yes<br>
checkbox	5) Can an admin view the history of a user? Yes by clicking on user course history<br>
checkbox	6) Can an admin delete a user?  Yes<br>
criterion	Please point out if any of those does not work or is missing from the reviewed system. <br>
Are these functionalities fully and correctly implemented?<br>
Section Header	This project should support the basic functionalities for students. Check the functionalities for students below and see if they all work:<br>
checkbox	1) Can a user sign up to become a student? Yes<br>
checkbox	2) Can (s)he log in with email and password after signing up? Yes<br>
checkbox	3) Can (s)he edit his/her profile? Yes<br>
checkbox	4) Can (s)he log out? yes<br>
criterion	Please point out if any of those does not work or is missing from the reviewed system. <br>
Are these functionalities fully and correctly implemented?<br>
Section Header	The students should be able to perform basic actions on the courses. Check the functionalities for students below and see if they all work:<br>
checkbox	1) Can a student member search for courses (using course number or title or instructor or description or status)? Yes 
checkbox	2) Can a student member view the details of a course? Can a student member view the materials (notifications, deadlines etc.)? yes<br>
checkbox	3) Can a student request enrollment in a course? Yes<br>
checkbox	4) Can a student drop a course? Yes<br>
checkbox	5) Can a student view his/her own course history? yes<br>
criterion	Please point out if any of those does not work or is missing from the reviewed system.<br> 
Are these functionalities fully and correctly implemented?<br>
Section Header	The Instructors should be able to perform more actions on the courses. Check the functionalities for Instructors below and see if they all work:<br>
checkbox	1) Can an instructor add a student to the course by approving his/her enrollment request? Yes <br>
By clicking on “manage course requests and student grades” from his home page<br>
checkbox	2) Can an instructor remove a student from course?  Yes<br>
By clicking on “manage course requests and student grades”=> He can destroy the request or edit the request by pressing on the edit button.<br>

He should however check the student who has requested enrollment by pressing the edit button so that he doesn’t delete himself. <br>
checkbox	3) Can an instructor add material to course (notifications, deadlines etc.)?<br>
	Yes<br>




Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
